Fix
0.Implement insertion of emotion in user emotionDaata array
1.For New authors, add a folder of warrior esque images, (knights, duels, etc)
2.Implement deletion of quote
2.Implement deletion of emotion
4.Rectify active emotion css
5.Convert Navbar into Hidden Sidebar, and fix the problem with links not being clickable
7.Restrict emotion input to not mess the ui of emotioncircle
8.suggest previous emotion input with ability to input new emotion
9.fix email input, takes in wrong iunput on submit and why do we need email?
10.Disallow duplicate input on user
11.img not updating when author not set check
12.implementation at the backend to login with either username or email works, but the frontend uses sessionStorage 
    and the username specificaly to fetch all the details to display, use jwt and make the login and signup process proper
    along with decoupling the username with the fetching of details, will be commenting out the backend email or user login
    implementation.
13. server for render.com site name -> https://mentor-markapi.onrender.com
14. Add a randomiser for backgrounds on start page, signup and login pages (combine the randomiser into one or make a module?).
15. Download more background images for start page and unregisteredAuthors


WORK ON DELETING QUOTES AND EMOTIONS NEXT.
16.password check doesnt work dumbass Wow

Things to learn:
1.Standard Signup, Login.
2.Proper Project Planning
3.Conditional client side rendering, properly.
4.

Things that fucked me over:
1.Mobile responsive, overflow fix: positiion relative on first child, because mobile ignores body, html css.
2.Conditional client side routing, error in main.jsx of this website was checking if user was logged in not as a state, not sure what the standard way of doing it is, but switched the boolean variable to function call itself, and works now.
3.Deploying on render.com -> redirect/Rewrite rules for client side routing - /* /index.html Rewrite - must and should, for static site, client path, the scripts, npm build.


Enhancements
1. 